interview-questions.md, before:

# ASSESSMENT 1: Tech Interview Practice Questions

Answer the following questions.

First, without external resources. Challenge yourself to answer from memory as if you were in a job interview. If you don't know the answer a good tip is to answer a simpler version of the question.

Then, research the question to expand on your answer. Even if you feel you have answered the question completely, there is always something more to learn. Write your researched answer in your OWN WORDS.

Type your initials here to confirm you read the instructions:

INSTRUCTOR EXAMPLE: What is a conditional statement?

Your answer:

Researched answer:

1. What is git? What is the difference between git and Github?

Your answer:

Researched answer:

2. Which JavaScript operators will return a Boolean value?

Your answer:

Researched answer:

1. What is the difference between an array's index and its value?

Your answer:

Researched answer:

4. Compare and contrast arrays and strings. Please include ways in which they are the same and ways in which they are different.

Your answer:

Researched answer:

5. Give a brief description of proper pair programming techniques. What are the roles of each person?

Your answer:

Researched answer:

## Looking Ahead: Terms for Next Week

Research and define the following terms to the best of your ability.

1. Higher Order Functions:

2. Jest:

3. Objects:

Commit message:

Completed all three assesment topics for week one

interview-questions.md, after:

# ASSESSMENT 1: Tech Interview Practice Questions

Answer the following questions.

First, without external resources. Challenge yourself to answer from memory as if you were in a job interview. If you don't know the answer a good tip is to answer a simpler version of the question.

Then, research the question to expand on your answer. Even if you feel you have answered the question completely, there is always something more to learn. Write your researched answer in your OWN WORDS.

Type your initials here to confirm you read the instructions: IV

INSTRUCTOR EXAMPLE: What is a conditional statement?

Your answer:

Researched answer:

1. What is git? What is the difference between git and Github?

Your answer: Github is a server while git is the system that the server needs in order to operate. 

Researched answer: Git is a version control system that tracks files which allows programmers to organize their work. Git lets you manage your code while Github lets you manage your repositories. 

2. Which JavaScript operators will return a Boolean value?

Your answer: The operator that will return a Boolean value would be the stricly equal to operater. 

Researched answer: The logical OR operator is what will return a Boolean value. The OR (||) operator only runs if one or the other operator is true. 

1. What is the difference between an array's index and its value?

Your answer: An array's index indicate the location of where to value is indicated, starting from zero. The value is the type of operand that is inside the index. Example, number or strings.

Researched answer: The index of an array is the location of the value while the value defines the variable type that is being held in the indexes. 

4. Compare and contrast arrays and strings. Please include ways in which they are the same and ways in which they are different.

Your answer: Arrays and strings are different because of the value in the arrays. When you look for the arrays and try to find the length in an array you would just get one instead of the actual number. For example, ["dog"] would just give you a value of one. While the string will say three. 

Researched answer: Arrays group together similar data types while a string is a sequence of characters. 

5. Give a brief description of proper pair programming techniques. What are the roles of each person?

Your answer: Proper pair programming techniques include driving and navigating. You should have one person giving instructions without fully giving out the answer, that will be the navigator while the driver will be in charge of listening to instructions and solving the code. 

Researched answer: The driver is in charge of specifics in coding while the navigator provides directions. 

## Looking Ahead: Terms for Next Week

Research and define the following terms to the best of your ability.

1. Higher Order Functions: Taking more than one function as an argument and returns a function. 

2. Jest: A testing framework. 

3. Objects: A data type that stores a value or group of values.
